IIIR has launched its latest health
insurance plan and the
name of the plan is Elevate. Welcome to the health
insurance plan that is so personalized
and Ifina that it feels like a magic. This is the
tagline of this plan, that is,
we welcome you with such a health insurance plan
which is completely personalized, that is,
you can modify it according to your needs
and which is also Infina.
Ifinaconazole Infinite
Infinite because in this plan you
get four such benefits on which there are
no limits. Among these, Infina
Sum Insured
is a part of Ifinaconazole, some of which you will have to
add to this policy as an add-on and the most important
thing is that this Infinite coverage is associated with very
important terms and
conditions, which as a policy
holder, it is very important for us to understand so that when the time
comes, we can also use these Infina coverages and Infinite
features. The insurance
company has tried to make this plan very flexible
because under this plan,
apart from maternity, surrogacy, OPD, you can also
reduce the premium.  You
can also add features like copayment and deductible.
ICICI Lombard claims that
this health insurance plan is a revolutionary
plan, but should we just accept this claim?
We will thoroughly examine this claim. We will
check
what coverages are within the plan, what features are there,
and what unique features
you will get in this plan, so that we can
determine how much truth is there in the insurance company's claim of
being a revolutionary product. Is it
like cars, where they
release a facelifted car model and call it a new car? Is the
same thing happening with this plan? At the
end of the video,
I will tell you about the premium of this revolutionary product, i.e.,
you will not only get the
coverage you need, but
how much money you will have to pay annually for these plans. So,
friends, if you are excited
about ICICI Lombard's Elevate plan, then don't be hasty and make a
decision only after watching today's video to minimize the
chances of making a mistake.  If they can be
minimized, then let's not delay
and quickly start the video. First of all,
friends, let's
understand the eligibility conditions of the ICICI Lombard Elevate plan, that is,
when you go to buy the policy,
what terms and conditions will you have to
qualify? The first point in this is the
entry age. If we talk about adults, the
minimum entry age is 18 years and the
maximum entry age is 125 years, which means
that there is
no capping on the maximum entry age for adults. If we
talk about dependent children, then here
dependent children from the age of 91 days to 30 years can be a part of this policy.
This is also a very good thing because
many health insurance plans have an
age limit of 17, 18 years, 20 years, or 25 years for
dependent children. After that, they have to
take a separate policy as an individual sum insured or as an adult,
whose premium can also increase up to 30 years.
Dependent child
can stay in ICICI Lombard Elevate Plan, now friends,
comes the turn of sum insured, that is, for how many rupees
you can take this policy, how much coverage does the
insurance company offer you,
so those options are 5 lakh 75 lakh 10 lakh 15 lakh 20 lakh 25 lakh 50 lakh
1 crore 3
crore and unlimited sum insured, as
I told you earlier,
if you choose the sum insured unlimited sum insured
option, then there is no limit on sum insured,
whatever your treatment
expenses will be, the insurance company will cover it,
so we have covered the first feature of the net here,
now let's talk about the tenor, for
how many years you can take the policy together, then
you get all the three options 1 year, 2 years and 3 years here and if you
take a long term policy of 2 years or 3
years, then you also get an additional discount in it,
how much discount do you get if you
take a policy of 2 years together, then for the second year  You will
get a 10% discount on the premium and
if you take a 3-year policy, you will get an upfront discount of 15% on the third year's
policy premium.
What is the maximum family size? It has been kept at two
adults and three dependent children.
If we talk about the family floater plan, then two adults
and three dependent children can be a part of one policy.
See how the pricing will be done in this plan, friends, it is zone
based. A total of four zones have been mentioned.
In which zone will your city and your state be located? Stay tuned till the end of the video to
see how much money will be charged from you. At the
end of the video, I will also tell you the cities and states of all four zones
and
I will also reveal the prices of this policy. For
how much rupees you can get unlimited sum insured or sum insured of Rs. 10, 20, 30 lakh.
Now friends, let's talk about
standard coverage and benefits, that is, the
standard coverage within the policy, the
benefits that we can use at the time of claim.
What are those features? Let
us discuss the first point in this
room.  Regarding the rent limit, i.e., which
room category you can take, then in a standard
ICICI Lombard Elevate plan,
you get a limit of a single private AC room, which
means whenever you
go for treatment, you can take a single private AC room.
Talking about ICU, there
is no such capping on ICU.
If you want that the
limit of single private AC room is less
or more for you, then you can also modify it.
I will tell you about the options provided by the company in the ads section. There is
one more important thing that we should note here that if
we exceed the limit of single private AC room, that is, the limit is for a
single
private AC room, and we
take a deluxe or suite room during treatment, then
whatever our claim amount increases, a
proportional deduction will be made from it, which means
we will not get the full claim.
We will not get the claim for the expenses that have exceeded due to changing our room rent category, which means that this
Proportional deduction is also applicable within the policy.
Keep this in mind. Now friends, let's talk about
day treatment, that is, those treatments
for which 24-hour admission is
not necessary. Day treatment is covered up
to the sum insured, which includes
chemotherapy and radiotherapy. If your
claim is approved, then
you can also take this treatment as day care.
What else will you not get as claim?
You cannot cover OPD expenses in day treatment.
If friends, talk about modern
treatment, then the 12 listed modern
treatments are covered up to the sum
insured. There is no capping or sub-
limit in them. Now when it comes to pre and
post hospitalization expenses,
you can claim 90 days pre hospitalization and 180 days post hospitalization expenses under ICICI Lombard Elevate plan. If we
talk about AYUSH specifically, inpatient hospitalization of Ayurveda, Yoga
and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and
Homeopathy
is covered, that is, if the
patient  If a patient has to be admitted for treatment
in a government-certified AYUSH hospital or facility, then AYUSH
treatment there is also covered up to the sum insured.
If a road ambulance is used in an emergency or planned
hospitalization, there is
no limit on the amount you can claim. The amount covered is up to the sum insured.
However, there are some conditions that
we must understand. You can claim only the ambulance expenses from the place of emergency to the
hospital and from one hospital to
another.
If you
use an ambulance to return home after discharge, that is, after completion of treatment, it will
not be covered under this plan. Organ donor
charges will definitely be covered by this plan. The
charges for organ transplant will be
covered under this plan, but there are some
exclusions. There are five-six points that
you can see on the screen right now.
Any expenses related to these that
occur during organ transplant will
not be covered by this plan.
Now, friends, it is your turn.
Domiciliary treatment means treatment at home.
Due to some compulsion, the patient's
condition is so critical that they
cannot go to the hospital, or if
beds are not available for the patient in the hospital, then treatment can be taken at home as well. The
first condition is that
this treatment for domiciliary treatment should be for at
least 3 days. There are some
medical conditions which will
not be covered during domiciliary treatment. These are
visible to you on the screen right now, that is, if
any problem arises due to any of these medical conditions, then
you
cannot file a claim for domiciliary hospitalization. Keep this in mind too.
Now friends, comes the
very important feature of this plan, that is, guaranteed sum insured
bonus. Whenever you complete one full year
under this policy, that is,
you have not made any claim in the entire year, then
your sum insured will be
increased by 20% and this maximum increase will be
up to 100% of the sum insured, that is,
this can be up to double your sum insured.
20 will increase every year. If
you take out 5 consecutive claim-free years, then your sum
assured will double. A policy of ₹10 lakh
will be worth 12, 14, 16, 18, and in this way, the
maximum can reach up to ₹1 lakh. But if
you do not take a claim, then
what is guaranteed? Why is it called Guaranteed Cumulate Bonus?
Because once you have earned this
cumulate bonus and after that, a
claim comes, then this cumulate bonus will
not reduce until you use this money for treatment. That is why
it is called
Guaranteed Cumulate Bonus. And one more important thing is that this
Guaranteed Cumulate Bonus, if you
take the option of unlimited sum insure, then
this feature is not available there. Now, the
second IFNA feature that comes in the IFNA features that we were talking about is Inflict
Reset Benefit. Here we
can also call it Restoration Benefit. Whenever your sum
insured gets exhausted during any treatment, then
this  It will be reset and
restored up to 100% of the sum
insured. Now, since this is indefinite,
it will be restored for an unlimited number of times. It will be
reset as many times as your sum insured gets exhausted, and
this amount will be ready for your next treatment. There are
some conditions which are also
important to understand. You cannot use the reset amount on the first claim.
You will be able to use the reset amount only on the second claim.
If
you have taken the option of unlimited sum insured, then you will
not get the infinite reset benefit there also. The
most important condition is that if
a policy holder has undergone treatment for any disease and is
discharged, and
if the treatment for that disease gets relapsed within the next 45 days of discharge and he has to get
treated for the same disease again, then even
there you will
not be able to use the reset benefit.
We must understand this condition also. Now
friends, let's talk about bariatric surgery, which is a
surgery related to obesity.
Will it be covered in this plan? It will
definitely be covered. The first condition is
that there is a waiting period of 24 months.
You cannot undergo
bariatric surgery or obesity-related
surgery for the next 24 months after taking the policy. The second condition is that
if you undergo obesity surgery for any cosmetic purpose, i.e. to look beautiful,
it is not covered. It should be a medical necessity, it should be
necessary for survival, only then
you can get this surgery done.
You will have to fulfill the norms related to BMI, that is,
your BMI should either be 40 or
more and if it is 35, then if the patient also has these
four listed conditions related to it, then
he
can get bariatric surgery done. This obesity-
related surgery must be done under medical protocols on the advice of a doctor.
You will only get a cashless claim for bariatric surgery.
You cannot file a reimbursement claim. The next
coverage is friends, inpatient hospitalization
for surrogate mother, that is, you will also get coverage for surrogacy
under this plan. Who is a surrogate mother
if  If a couple is unable to conceive, they
conceive a baby with the help of another biological mother and
deliver the baby. If the surrogate mother gets
hospitalized, then that too will be
covered in this plan. There are some conditions
which are important to understand. Maximum coverage of up to ₹ lakh can be
available under this plan. There is a
waiting period of 30 days, that is, such a
claim cannot be filed within the first 30 days of purchasing the policy.
And to get this coverage, you will have to
buy a policy for at least 3 years at once.
You cannot take this coverage with a 2-year or 1-year tenure. And once your
surrogacy procedure starts, this
coverage will be valid only for the next 36 months. The next coverage
that comes friends is the surrogate donor cover.
Now, under this, the biological mother is the
policy holder, that is, the husband and wife. So, the
wife will be the
biological mother, but someone has donated eggs to them, who is called the surrogate
donor.  It is said that they
can also get hospital coverage up to ₹ lakh under this plan. What are the conditions?
Once this coverage starts, once
this procedure begins, the
process of that cyto donor starts, then
this coverage will be valid for the next 12 months,
after which it will end. Now,
friends, till here, all the features that you have seen
are a standard part of this policy, that is, if
you take a normal ICICI Lord Elevate
policy, then all these features that I have
told you till now are a
part of that standard policy, but the section which
I am going to tell you now is very special
because through this the insurance
company has said that your policy is very
personalized, that is, you
can modify it according to your needs. So, there are
many important optional features in it, there are add-ons,
which you have to understand carefully and if needed,
choose these add-ons according to your coverage so that at the time of claim, your
coverage does not decrease and
you do not pay extra premium with add-ons unnecessarily. So, the
first optional cover is add-on.
Friends, that is Infinite Care.
If you understand Infinite Care in simple language, then it is
unlimited claim once in life time. As long as
you have this policy,
you can extend any of your claims up to an unlimited
amount once in life time. Whether your
sum insured is 5 lakhs, 10 lakhs or 20
lakhs, you can say for a claim that
I do not want any limit on it. Even if
your sum insured is over,
you will still get this claim up to an unlimited amount.
This will happen once in a lifetime and to
choose this option, you will have to
take a decision within the first 2 years only. Either you take the decision in the first
year or at the time of renewal of the first year,
you can decide whether you want to take
this option or not. And if you are taking a two-year
policy, then at the time of purchasing the policy itself,
you will have to decide whether
you want to take it now or not. If you feel the need, then
you will have to opt for it within the first 2 years. The
next condition is this.  That once you have
taken this add on of Efit Care, then till the time you do
not use this feature,
do not use any of your claims up to the unlimited amount
or you do not use this feature,
then this add on will remain included in your policy,
you cannot remove it. The
next condition is that if your sum
insured is unlimited, that is,
your sum insured, is
unlimited, then you
cannot take this add on because in this also you are
getting the same feature that your claim
limit should not be limited to any foundation sum
insured, so if you
have unlimited sum insured, then
automatically this feature is of no use and the
final condition is that your room rent
limit will remain for single private AC,
if you do not modify it, then it is
not that you have chosen the option of unlimited claim
and after that you are going to
take a suite or deluxe room, then
you will be charged there  Proportion deduction will be charged and
money can be deducted from your claim. If you
want a higher room rent limit, you will have to
modify it. You can change that limit.
I am going to tell you about those options in the add-ons further. The
second add-on
is Power Booster,
which we can also call Infit [ __ ] Bonus.
How is Infit? Whether you make a claim in the policy
or not, after completion of one year,
your sum insured will increase by 100%.
My policy is of ₹10 lakh and I have
taken the Power Booster add-on, that is, you
can take Efinaconazole. You will not get this feature
with the unlimited sum insured option
because you will take a limited sum
insured only then there is benefit in taking this add-on. The
next add-on is called
Jump Start. This is also a very special add-on and
it can be useful for many people. The name is small
but its features and benefits are very
good. If any of the six diseases listed are
visible on the screen right now, then
medical  If any policy
holder has any condition, then no waiting period will be applicable on them.
You can take coverage for them from the 31st day. If you have
taken this add-on, then what is the condition?
If any policy holder has any of these diseases or medical conditions, then at the
time of taking the policy, they will have to tell the company about them
and at the policy inception, that is,
at the beginning of the policy, you will have to decide whether
you want to take this Jump Start add-on
or not and later you cannot remove this add-on
because it is linked to your waiting period. So
what is the meaning of Jump Start? The coverage which was going to start after your waiting period,
you can
cover them from the 31st day by Jump Start,
but it is limited to only these six
listed illnesses.
Now friends, there are some optional covers related to maternity, let us
mention them. The first one is Maternity
Benefit, that is, you can also cover child
birth or your normal or C-section
deliveries under this policy. How much
amount is there?  The claim will be up to 10% of the sum
insured or a maximum of ₹1 lakh.
Suppose I have a policy of ₹1 lakh,
its 10% is 2 lakh, not ₹1 lakh. The maximum limit is ₹
1 lakh. Delivery charges up to ₹1 lakh
can be covered with this add-on.
Along with this, the second condition is that
in this lifetime,
you can file a claim for a maximum of three deliveries of this policy.
This number is given by including delivery and termination.
You
can cover three deliveries including any termination in the lifetime of this policy. The
female member, i.e. the mother who will
take this maternity claim, should be between 18 to 50
years of age.
Maternity claim cannot be taken at an age above this age. The
waiting period for filing this maternity claim is 24
months, that is, any such claim can be made after 2 years of taking the policy.  The
next coverage that will be filed or entertained is friends,
new born baby cover.
From the time of birth till the age of 91 days,
the child can be covered under the new born baby cover.
If there is any
hospitalization related to the child, then you can use double the
sum insured of your maternity coverage as
new born baby coverage. The
special thing is that this
amount
is different from your maternity sum insured, that is, both the sum
insured will not be clubbed,
both these are separate sums insured. Only if you have
chosen the maternity option, you
can take new born baby coverage and only
if your maternity claim has been accepted,
you can file a claim under the new born baby coverage. The
next coverage is
friends, vaccination. Till the time your child reaches the
age of 1 year,
you can cover the cost of any vaccination
under this policy. Maximum %
of your sum insured or maximum  ₹1000000
i.e. the amount capping is up to ₹1000000
and you can claim up to % of your sum insured. The
special thing is that
you have taken maternity ID, only then you
can take vaccination ID and your maternity
claim has been approved by the insurance company, only then
you will be
able to get vaccination coverage as an add-on under this policy. The next
rider, friends, is an add-on, it is the Be Fit Be Fit
ICC Lord add-on and rider
which gives you OPD facilities, that is, if
you want to take consultation from a physical consultation doctor
or you want to take e-consultation, there are
any routine diagnostics,
small medical procedures, pharmacy i.e.
medicines or there is any physiotherapy
session, apart from this, there is e-counselling or
you want to take sessions related to nutrition or diet, you
want to take consultation, then
you can take that too through mobile app and also through physical visit. This
appointment is given to you through mobile app  It will have to be
taken through this cashless panel
hospital.  There are panel doctors of ICICI Lombard,
you can avail these facilities there.
For more details related to this rider, you should refer to the policy wording
document. Next add-on
is friends, World Wide Coverage. Now, there are many
policy holders who
also need coverage outside India. They
travel a lot or
go out of India for work, so coverage
up to sum insured including
US and Canada can be availed
under this plan even outside Indian geographical limits, but
this add-on will have to be taken for that. Up to how much
treatment can be availed, for this you will have to choose
a global sum assured whose
maximum limit is ₹ crore. You can
avail treatment outside as per that sum insured
and the waiting period for World Wide Coverage is
24 months.
You will not be able to make any such claim for the next 2 years after purchasing the policy.
Next add-on
is friends, Claim Protector.
All the non-medical consumable items in List One will
also become payable if you do this.  If you
take the add-on and your treatment claim
is approved by the insurance company, then the
claim for non-medical items in List One will
also be paid to you. The next add-on is
Inflation Protector, i.e. Consumer Price
Index.
Your sum insured will keep
increasing without extra premium as the inflation rate increases. As the
CPI index increases,
your sum insured will keep increasing in the same ratio so that
your sum insured does not decrease due to the inflation.
You can also cover domestic air ambulance through the add-on.
If you choose the add-on,
you can also avail the feature of covered up to sum insured. The next add-on
is friends, Kavale Sense Benefit.
In this, if the hospitalization of any policy holder
exceeds 10 days,
then the insurance company will
pass on a sum benefit of up to ₹2000000 to the policy holder.
This benefit will be given only once in a policy year,
but if you have
taken the add-on of Conveyance Benefit  If so,
you can also take an add-on for nursing at home. This
means that if a patient is treated in a hospital and is
discharged,
but a nurse is required at home as well, then
you
can hire a certified nurse for a
maximum of 10 days in a policy year and
₹2000000. If the policy holder is
away from his family and he
undergoes emergency hospitalization which lasts for
more than five days, then for the travel fare of any of his
immediate family members,
their fare and
economy
class fare, you can claim up to ₹2000000.
If you want
your health checkup to be included in this policy once a year, then for that
also you will have to
take an add-on for health checkup. Let's talk about
critical illness. Can critical
illness be covered in this plan?
Of course it can be covered, but you will have to
take these as co-ons, which are listed
20  Critical illness is a serious illness. If any of these
illnesses
is diagnosed, the insurance company will
give you a lump sum benefit so that
you can get treatment for that illness. Similarly,
you can also take coverage for personal accidental as an add-on.
What coverage will you get in personal accident coverage?
If there is accidental death, permanent
total disability or permanent partial
disability,
you can still claim according to the sum insured,
but
this option is available as an add-on. Now friends, it is the turn of
two such add-ons through which you can
reduce the premium of your insurance policy. The
first option is voluntary copayment, that is,
whatever
percentage of copayment you choose from any claim,
you will have to pay that amount and the insurance
company will pay the rest. If I have chosen copayment of
% and a claim of ₹1 lakh comes which the
insurance company approves, then  Out
of a claim of ₹1 lakh, I will have to pay ₹1000000 because
my co-payment has been made at 10%. The
insurance company will pay the claim amount at 90%. You can choose such co-payment
from 10% to a maximum of 50%.
Talking about deductible, the
deductible option
works on a fixed amount and threshold hold limit instead of a percentage. So, for example, if
I have
chosen a deductible amount of ₹5000000, then within a year, whether there is
one claim, two or
three, I will have to bear the first ₹5000000 from my pocket,
after that the
coverage of the insurance policy will start. So, if you
feel that your policy premium
is too high and you also want to take this plan, then
you
can reduce its premium by choosing the payment or deductible option.
Next comes friends,
dependent accommodation benefit, that is, the dependent who is the
caretaker along with the patient.
Those who are there, whether they can be family members or
relatives, if they accompany them and
stay with them during hospitalization, if
you want extra charges for their stay as compensation, then
you can claim Rs. 1000 per day for a maximum of 10 days,
if you have taken this DON,
friends, the next DON is durable
equipment cover, right now durable equipment is being shown to you on the screen,
any of these durable equipment can be taken
which is related to your treatment,
if the insurance company has approved the claim for that treatment,
whose maximum limit is
₹5000000
i.e. 2 years and the waiting period for your S and the
specific disease is 24
months, then if you want to reduce these, then
you can also make it 12 months i.e. 1 year,
whatever waiting period you have to reduce, that is,
you will have to take DON for its reduction in this policy, the final
and very important add-on which comes friends
is room  The
modified room rent limit for a single
private AC room isn't suitable for
everyone. The insurance company has
made it flexible. If you
don't want a single private AC room, you
can choose the limit for any room. With this add-on, if the
room
modification
is too much for an AC room, you
can choose the twin-sharing option.
This will
reduce your premium.
If you want a fixed percentage room rent
limit in your policy, the
company has also provided you with that option.
You can choose your sum insured, with room rent set at 1% and your IO at 2%.
However, those with a higher sum
insured can opt for this option. However, having a
limit on room rent is always a
negative for the policy.
Now, friends, it's time to learn about the waiting period mentioned by the company in this policy
under IIC Lombard Elevate,
regarding the various treatments.
So the first waiting period is the
standard initial waiting
period of 30 days. Within the first 30 days of purchasing the policy,
you can only avail accidental treatment. You
cannot file a claim for any sickness or illness. This 30-day period
is also your free look period. If you
wish, you can cancel the policy. If
you do not like the
features and coverage,
you can cancel it.
You will get your money refunded no questions asked. There
is a waiting period of 24 months for
Trinity coverage for specific diseases and along with
this, for bariatric surgery.
You cannot avail treatment for these three things within the first 24 months. Specific
diseases are those listed surgeries and treatments for
medical conditions which are slow-growing
illnesses.
This plan will cover these only after 24 months for any critical
illness, for diabetes or for
any heart-related medical
complication.  There is a waiting period of 90 days, which
means that within the first 90 days,
any treatment related to these conditions will
not be covered. And finally, let's talk about the
waiting period for pre-existing diseases, which means that
if you
want to get coverage for the insurance that we already have in a standard
policy, then it will be covered after 36 months i.e. 3 years.
However, if you want to cover the six listed
conditions that I told you
from the 31st day, then
you can take the Jump Start add-on in this policy.
Now friends, the
most important part of the video is to understand the premium of this policy, that is, the
prices. Brother, so
many features have been given, so many advances have also been given,
but how much will you get in this policy? How much will
you get a normal sum in
reserve for? How much will you get an unlimited sum in reserve?
I will also tell you the premium for the unlimited sum in reserve. So the
size that I have taken here is for
two adults and two children. The age of the adults is
38 years and 35 years. The age of the children is
12 years and 9 years. The address is
Delhi.  It means it will come in Zone One. There are a total of
four zones which are visible on the screen right now.
You should also see the cities and states in Zone One, Zone Two,
Zone Three and Zone Four.
Your premium will be decided accordingly. That is, the
medical inflation in the cities in Zone One is
high. The inflation rate is high,
so you will get expensive premiums there. The
cheapest premiums will be available in Zone Four. So let's
see how much the premium is. First of all, I will
tell you the premium for a sum assured of ₹10 lakh,
after that of ₹2500000 and after that I will
also tell you the premium for an unlimited sum assured.
And in this, there is not just one
premium, the first premium I will
tell you is for the standard policy, which has no
add-ons. After that, we will include two add-
ons. The first add-on
is Power Booster i.e. Unlimited Cumulate
Bonus. As you must have seen in the Ratio 2.0 plan also,
you can
accumulate your cumulate bonus multiple times.  If you can do this then
here also we will add that feature and see
how much you will get the policy for and the
second add on is Infit Care i.e.
unlimited claim once in lifetime. If
you want to take these two add ons then how much premium will you have to pay with these two add ons. So
first of all ₹10 lakh and simple policy i.e.
no add on is added then you will have to pay its premium
₹1689 i.e. you will have to pay ₹1689 for one year.
Here if you
add these two add ons of Power
Booster and Infit Care then the premium of
₹1 lakh in this family size will become ₹
436 this is the premium of Zone One. Now let's talk about
₹1 lakh sum in stock. If you
take a policy of ₹2500000 then you will get the standard policy for ₹
880 and if you add these two add ons also then
this policy will become ₹
4817. These prices are inclusive of
GST.  And these are online prices, it is
possible that an online discount of 2, 4, 5 percent may
also be included in them. Now friends, it is the turn to
know about the unlimited sum insured. The ads with
infit in unlimited sum insured will
not work. So here
I will tell you the
premium of this family size with the standard unlimited sum insured.
This family will have to pay Rs 56732 for 1 year.
In that, their sum insured will become unlimited.
Neither do they need a power booster
nor do they need infit care
because their base sum
insured has become unlimited.
Now along with this, there is another special thing, if
your credit score is very good then
you can get a discount of up to 15 percent on these premiums. So pay
your EMI on time
so that a good credit
score helps you in getting a good health insurance
policy and also
helps you in getting that discount. So
friends, we understood this. If we talk about ICICI Lord's
Elevate plan, now let's
look at the features.  The features are the same as you would get
in other policies, and the coverage is the same. The
four IFNA features are infinite
bonus, infinite reset benefit, and infinite
claim amount, which you get
under the Infinite Care add-on.
These IFNA features are quite innovative. Although you get unlimited restoration benefit
in many policies,
and some policies also offer unlimited sum assured,
but I can say that unlimited claim amount
once in a lifetime and unlimited cumulative
bonus are quite unique features in
this plan. The second special thing
I liked about this plan is that I feel that all the
best
health insurance plans of every insurance company and their
unique features have been combined and
given as a bonus so that no
policyholder can say that
I am getting this feature in that insurance company and
I cannot avail this feature in the ICICI Lord Elevate plan.
Brother, you can avail it
because it has been given to you here. There are
30 add-ons for add-on.  In this policy,
choose whichever of the 30 do's
you like, personalize it according to your needs, modify this policy
according to your needs, your
policy will be ready. Another special
feature that I liked was Jump Start. You can cover the
six medical conditions in Jump Start
from the 31st day.
Room rent can also be covered for any category, which
means you can modify this plan according to your needs in any way.
You will not have the complaint that the plan has
forcibly given you this feature
and some feature that you wanted is not there in this plan. So
if we talk about flexibility,
personalization, then
I will give this plan 10 out of 10 marks,
but the things that matter the most in a health insurance policy
are claims
because mainly we use only four-five features of a
health insurance policy,
that is your room rent limit, your sum
insured, your cumulative bonus, restoration
benefit, mainly these are the features that we
use, along with this consumer
benefits  We also use the features of the item, that
is, there are five-six basic features
which will be used in every claim, all the
other features are going to be used rarely,
so the thing to note is that the
plan has been launched afresh, but the basic
features, the fundamental coverages, are going to
remain the same. We just have to see
how smooth the claim process is at the time of claim,
how easily the claims are received, whether the
patients and the policy holders do
not face any problem, then we will consider this Elevate
plan to be very good, but there is still
time to see and understand these things,
what will be the on-ground reality related to the claim, whatever we will see in the future, we will
check it and whatever
reviews come in the future, you people
must also share them with us in the comment section of this video,
innovation in other health insurance policies is increasing, but it has become like it happens
in cars these days,
a car model is launched, after every three
months it has a facelift, some
cosmetic changes have been made, the headlight, bumper,
interior have changed a little, the back
light has been made longer and the same has been launched in a new model, new
variant, new limited
Vehicles are being sold rapidly by claiming additions. The same is true
with health insurance policies.
You'll
get a new plan every three to six months. If your
insurance plan is correct and you're
satisfied with its services, your coverage is adequate, then do
n't choose or port new plans unnecessarily. If
you feel your coverage is low and
you should change your plan based on your needs, only then can
you choose the latest plans based on your coverage.
Furthermore, please let me know how you liked this
video, whether you understood the video or
not, or how you liked the plan, by
commenting in the comments section.
If you have any doubts about any coverage related to a teacher,
you can ask them in the comments section. As always,
I will definitely respond to your comments.
If you liked the video and understood it,
you can like the video. To
show your love and support,
please share the video wherever you feel the need. If you're
new to the Insurance Impact channel or have been
following the channel for a long time
but haven't yet,  If you have not subscribed
then please subscribe to the channel,
it will prove to be a very profitable deal for you.
I, Arvinder Singh, now take your permission. I will take your
permission in the next video. Till then, take care of yourself,
stay happy and stay healthy. Jai Hind.